Because this is not seen to be something that is the date,
and that is not.
I said over the time of the check,
and I have another copy of Mr. Chairman.
With your permission, may we proceed to the right?
I'm just in the record.
Marked the appropriating division number.
Go up.
I'm referring here in the specific code.
Part two of our government's printing
out of the hearing center, on page 166,
Monday's grade, which is an administrative order,
referring to the executive order, which
is a great concern here.
Just one or two great things, Mr. Adam.
I believe you described it from the details,
a telephone conversation, which you
said you had with me on December 11.
Remember that, sir?
That's the telephone conversation with reference
to shines weekday.
The weather is at Saturday morning availability.
Yes, that's what Mr. Mr. Adam is about.
I stated that if there were a great conversation on either
the afternoon of December 4th or December 11th,
I believe you originally stated that if December 11th,
I don't care much for paper.
Now, I think I had faith in something
that wasn't sure which of it was in the end of the slide.
All right, together, you can drive.
I believe in the original report you were
debated with the afternoon of December 11th.
My name's Greg, and that's Professor Chad St.
Frank Bobby, take my work that I've done.
And if I'm wrong, I'll show you who's the Welsh Mike.
Correct me.
Now, in that conversation, I believe you say that I
abused you and used my two-footed of language,
and it was thoroughly unfudent there.
Yes, director.
Yes.
What would be thoroughly inconsistent with your story,
and if there were not, in that same conversation,
you asked me to contact and relative of yours
and talk on a secure theater ticket to them and to you?
Well, I certainly wouldn't do that.
I've been abused in New Orleans using opportunities
which have been following a front of the conversation.
There were a commission conversations,
I think, that afternoon, to come.
And as I had testified before, when we had difficulty
over the telephone or phase space, it was getting involved.
There could be some building conversation and then
a good amount.
And there's only an end, and you might have
asked me to get these tickets to you
and get out in seatable.
Did you cancel the order in the 12th?
I don't recall the conversation exactly.
My face.
Now, Mr. Adams, do you think you might have forgotten
the public committees that they were considerable talk
about General Lawton on that afternoon?
Well, I think I would have forgotten too,
because I don't remember.
You remember him here, right?
I do not.
Do you remember asking me to close any people in New York
and in New Jersey about General Lawton possibly
raising an appointment for you and me jointly
to talk to some people about them the next week?
I remember a conversation we had.
I don't isolate today, and I remember the reason
that you said you were concerned about General Lawton,
at least in which we knew each other.
With a few similar lessons, I don't remember.
Well, maybe over the weekend, you think
you could think about it.
No, I don't think I could isolate when that conversation was.
Well, could you tell us this, or do you
recall now that the conversation in which you
asked me and I, on a checklist, and I don't think
it was a problem, and I'm very happy to do it,
so call in hand to the yours as they might remember
the long mentioned here in Brooklyn, and arrange a theater
party for the next week when you invite
to convene in New York, to do recall for us,
whether that was not the very conversation which you said
yesterday, I abused you and used obscenities, following
unpleasant situations.
I don't remember, Mr. Collins, as you know,
we talked many times.
Well, what is it for me?
What may they remember?
This one is really important to me.
I understand that I would suggest to the committee
that if in fact I had abused you and used you in the
committee, there would be quite a consistency
when I change conversation.
So, ask me to put myself out for the point of time
fighting here in Brooklyn.
And my recollection, Mr. Collins, is that on that afternoon,
we talked about three times.
My record, or a record, and what records I have indicated
that we talked many times, that I had stated
our relationship was getting close.
There were times when we could talk in a very friendly
relationship as you well know.
There were times when that was not the case.
Well, I'm addressing myself particularly for what happened
on that particular win at war, that I talked to you
about that theater party that I was planning to ring.
I don't remember.
Well, so I was in December.
Well, I'm suggesting to you, sir, it was in this very
conversation in which you said I abused you and used
all sorts of obscenities and created a story
on certain situations.
I wondered if you think of me from health
and search your memory on that point.
But I can either agree or disagree, because I don't
remember what conversation it was.
Well, can you recall whether or not you asked me to call
your aunt, see if I could get tickets for a certain show,
and then call you back in Washington.
We thought whether or not I had 60.
I recall a conversation about that.
I recall what you agreed to do.
It was very gracious about things like that.
You always were.
This was during the...
That's right.
I'm not sure it was during one of the difficult conversations.
I see.
Now, anyway, there was a difficult conversation
in December 11, does that right?
Well, about four before that.
Oh, yes, there were.
And did you...
Did this act as little theater party actually
come off on December 16th?
Yes, it did.
So in any event, I did get you the tickets
and did arrange the thing for you after that.
Well, if you remember after these events,
if you remember Mr. Cohn, we sat together in your office
in New York on December 16th.
And I said that I had decided I was going to go to the theater
that night, and I had no luck on tickets.
You teleponed two or three friends of yours in my presence.
I don't know who it was, you teleponed.
And one of them gave you a choice.
It was two or three quarters there were tickets,
and I selected Wonderful Town,
played the role of the Rodlin Wattle with it.
And you were arranged for the tickets tonight, did you know?
Well, if they're out in the thing,
you've all but firted in USV.
And I, again, want to make it very clear,
I don't think there was a flight attendant for Friday.
And I was very happy to do it.
Didn't you ask me to arrange for a little dinner
for you and your family prior to that?
And so on the first front, they call off the make of reservation?
Well, that's quite correct.
You asked me if I asked you if you didn't make a reservation for me
so I could get a table.
So this was after I had paid me,
upfrontly, and abuse of time.
Is that all?
Yes.
Oh, yes.
It was each week.
It was sweet.
I'm glad you're here.
I still miss the random food that your cold of life
would be such food that you felt no reluctance
in accessing the hospitality of myself and my family
tonight after you've played.
You were wet and primed.
I was caught on a spot.
I've already described the circumstances
of accepting the hospitality of yourself and your family.
I've stated that I thought your mother
in thought of a very gracious tune
you made where I was.
I appreciate it.
But that was the day after a fully-spreaded ticket flight.
That is correct.
I think now that you're out of foot, come up to the weekend.
You testified here.
But you said I think I abused you more than all the other people
you've brought to a family prior to being
in a new topic we're saying that we said so 10 o'clock.
Monday night.
You have job heard, chairman, mudd and outs.
If the committee will hold its next session at 10 a.m. on Monday,
one.
And with the cross examination of Mr. Adam and Vice-Cone,
who is one of the principals in this case,
an adaptive in session comes to a conclusion.